===============================
 Basic (non-recursive) schemata
===============================

Overview
========

This package allows to serialize/deserialize data in a JSON friendly manner by
using and manipulating types.

It features a `type system <xotl.plato.types>`:any: that is extensible and it
has been specifically designed to avoid non-termination issues with recursive
data.  In a word, we don't allow to create recursive types; any notion of
recursion is not part of the type system itself.

Having these types, we can now cast `dataclasses`:mod: into `schemata
<xotl.plato.schema>`:any: by attaching a `type <xotl.plato.types>`:any: to
them.  We can automatically build the type of most basic Python types,
enumerations and other.


Why not Pydantic_\ ?
====================

.. note:: As of 2024-02-18 (version 2.0.0a1) we're seriously considering to
          deprecate ``xotl.plato``, or base it's internal completely on
          Pydantic v2.

Most of the code in this package comes from two projects we have worked
before.  At the time we crafted the (actual) first version of this code, we
didn't know about Pydantic_.

Since then we have *fantasized* with the idea of ditching this code and go all
the way to Pydantic_, but we have failed to cover some specifics areas,
specially being able to deserialize objects without knowing their actual types
but only a base class, the sub-typing relation between the types; and, most
importantly, because one of our applications have *custom dynamically
generated classes*\ [#classes]_ for which we can express the types, but we
don't have a statically (coded) class for them.

Pydantic also strongly positions itself as *data validation* library, and
while we do need validation, our main aim is serialization and
deserialization.

Finally, the most important part of this package is the type system; schemata
were actually created afterwards to provide a mechanized way to create types
of dataclasses.


.. _Pydantic: https://pydantic-docs.helpmanual.io/

.. raw:: html

   <hr/>

.. [#classes] I'm using the notion that *classes* are objects that can be
   created at runtime -- we don't really create instances of `type`:class:,
   but the concept is basically the same: an object that talks about the
   structure and behavior of other objects (the instances).

   In our systems types are attached to those objects to describe their
   structure.
